Feat 0.13 (#42)
appwrite/playground-for-python: README.md

**Work in progress**

## System Requirements
* A system with Python 3+ or Docker installed.
* An Appwrite instance.
* An Appwrite project created in the console.
* An Appwrite API key created in the console.

### Installation
1. Clone this repository.
2. `cd` into to repository.
3. Open the playground.py file found in the root of the cloned repository.

> 4. Update project_id, endpoint, secret key by copied from the console in app.py file where stated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Copy Project ID, endpoint and API key from Appwrite console into `playground.py`
```

5. Run the playground:
    Python:
        - Install dependencies using pip `pip install -r requirements.txt`
        - Execute the command `python playground.py`
    Docker:
        - Execute the command `docker compose up`
6. You will see the JSON response in the console.

> ### API's Covered

Reviewer: We need to remove links to files here

- Databse
    * [Create Collection](./lib/playground.rb#L53)

>     * [List Collection](./lib/playground.rb#L111)

Reviewer: List collection**s** here.

    * [Add Document](./lib/playground.rb#L129)
    * [List Documents](./lib/playground.rb#L148)
    * [Delete Document](./lib/playground.rb#L157)
    * [Delete Collection](./lib/playground.rb#L120)

- Storage

>     * [Create Bucket](./lib/playground.rb#L169)

Reviewer: Do we have list buckets? If not, can we add? Everything should have create/add/upload, list, and delete.

    * [Upload File](./lib/playground.rb#L183)
    * [List Files](./lib/playground.rb#L198)
    * [Delete File](./lib/playground.rb#L207)

- Users
    * [Create User](./lib/playground.rb#L13)

>     * [List User](./lib/playground.rb#L29)

Reviewer: List user**s** here.
